The search for my investment property began early 2015 when I was referred to Sean by a close friend of mine in Vancouver. The initial stage of my research was especially challenging as I'm based offshore, which made physical inspection challenging in a fast moving market. Sean was keen and quick to assist, and he was very diligent in tailoring the search to my requirements. He provided timely and thorough analysis on properties that I showed interest in, and I was especially impressed by his proactive attitude. I felt Sean really tried to understand my needs, and offered his honest opinion on the suitability of the property to me as the potential buyer. Sean was integral in helping me find my property, and continued to be helpful during the entire purchasing process. I'm very happy with his services and professionalism, and would not hesitate recommending him to anyone I know.
Peter Wong
Tokyo, Japan

In 2015, I was working with my financial planner on purchasing a condo for my daughter. It was suggested to me that their lending channel could help me accomplish this but when we got into it, I found I wasn't getting the pertinent information that I needed and I had lost 2 weeks. A friend suggested I contact Sean Patterson to look into things and right from the start I found him to be honest, direct, and informative. He was able to answer all my questions and dealt with my requests in a timely manner. He ended up getting me the mortgage financing I was looking for and in a way that never left me asking what step was next. As we approached the completion date, due to the time constraints I ended up having an unexpected delay on a funds transfer of investments I had liquidated. I called Sean, first and the guy offered to lend me the $20,000.00 for a few days so that I could complete on time. THIS BLEW ME AWAY! In the end, I didn't have to go that route, and I was able to get my money just in time to close the deal. Working with Sean was a pleasure, and Ilook forward to working with him again. I would highly recommend him to anybody I know.
Robert Hamill
Surrey, BC

Laura Stein and The Drive Mortgage Team helped me secure my first home! I had my own timelines/goals around the buying process and Laura was with me every step of the way serving as both my Realtor and my Mortgage Broker. Any time I was unsure about certain elements or had questions, Laura was open, honest, and patient with me in her approach. If I was to do it all again, I would pick The Drive Mortgage every single time!